[OKTA-798712] TOC and links changes (#5108)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/app-provisioning-connection/main/index.md

      }'
    ```

>     > **Note:** The bearer token (`{yourOktaAccessToken}`) in the header of this example is your token to access Okta APIs. See [Open ID Connect & OAuth 2.0](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-oauth/guides/overview/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **Note:** The bearer token (`{yourOktaAccessToken}`) in the header of this example is your token to access Okta APIs. See [OpenID Connect & OAuth 2.0](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-oauth/guides/overview/).
```

    A `204 No content` response is returned after the OAuth 2.0 provisioning connection is set up. This means Okta obtained the OAuth 2.0 bearer token to access the third-party app for provisioning users.

>     > **Note:** The bearer token (`{yourOktaAccessToken}`) in the header of this example is your token to access Okta APIs. See [Open ID Connect & OAuth 2.0](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-oauth/guides/overview/). The example request with the `code` and `state` parameters allows Okta to obtain another bearer token from the third-party app for the provisioning connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **Note:** The bearer token (`{yourOktaAccessToken}`) in the header of this example is your token to use to access Okta APIs. See [OpenID Connect & OAuth 2.0](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-oauth/guides/overview/). The example request with the `code` and `state` parameters allows Okta to obtain another bearer token from the third-party app for the provisioning connection.
```
